readme.md, before:

# redis
--
    import "bitbucket.org/shipwire/redis"

Redis implements basic connections and pooling to redis servers.

## Usage

```go
var CommandInProgress = errors.New("command in progress")
```

#### type Cmd

```go
type Cmd struct {
	io.Writer
}
```

Cmd is a command that is currently being written to a connection.

#### func (Cmd) Close

```go
func (c Cmd) Close() error
```
Close closes the command with a CRLF.

#### func (Cmd) WriteArgument

```go
func (c Cmd) WriteArgument(r io.Reader) (int, error)
```
WriteArgument is a shortcut method to write a reader to a command. If at all
possible, WriteArgumentLength should be used instead.

#### func (Cmd) WriteArgumentLength

```go
func (c Cmd) WriteArgumentLength(r io.Reader, l int64) (written int, err error)
```
WriteArgumentLength copies a reader as an argument to a command. It expects the
reader to be of the given length.

#### func (Cmd) WriteArgumentString

```go
func (c Cmd) WriteArgumentString(arg string) (int, error)
```
WriteArgumentString writes a static string to the connection as a command
argument.

#### type Conn

```go
type Conn struct {
	net.Conn
}
```

Conn represents an open connection to a redis server.

#### func  Dial

```go
func Dial(network, address string) (*Conn, error)
```
Dial connects to the redis server.

#### func  DialTimeout

```go
func DialTimeout(network, address string, timeout time.Duration) (*Conn, error)
```
DialTimeout acts like Dial but takes a timeout. The timeout includes name
resolution, if required.

#### func (*Conn) Command

```go
func (c *Conn) Command(command string, args int) (*Cmd, error)
```
Command initializes a command with the given number of arguments. The connection
only allows one open command at a time and will block callers to prevent jumbled
queues.

#### func (*Conn) RawCmd

```go
func (c *Conn) RawCmd(command string, args ...string) error
```
RawCmd sends a raw command to the redis server

#### func (*Conn) Resp

```go
func (c *Conn) Resp() *resp.RESP
```
Resp reads a RESP from the connection

#### type Pool

```go
type Pool struct {
	Network, Server string

	// Password indicates that new connections should initially authenticate
	// with the given password. Password is ignored if empty.
	Password string

	// MaxIdle indicates how many idle connections should be kept. Zero indicates
	// all idle connections should be preserved.
	MaxIdle     int
	ConnTimeout time.Duration
}
```

Pool maintains a collection of idle Redis connections.

#### func  NewPool

```go
func NewPool() *Pool
```
NewPool intializes a connection pool with default settings.

#### func (*Pool) Conn

```go
func (p *Pool) Conn() (*Conn, error)
```
Conn attempts to get or create a connection, depending on if there are any idle
connections.
# redis
--
# resp
--
    import "bitbucket.org/shipwire/redis/resp"

Resp implements the REdis Serialization Protocol with the particular aim to
communicate with Redis. See http://redis.io/topics/protocol for more
information.

## Usage

```go
var (
	InvalidResponse error = errors.New("invalid response")
	InvalidType           = errors.New("wrong redis type requested")
)
```

#### type RESP

```go
type RESP struct {
}
```

RESP reads successive values in REdis Serialization Protocol. Values may be read
by the method for their correct type. While type can be checked as many times as
the caller wishes, each value may only be read once.

#### func  New

```go
func New(r io.Reader) *RESP
```
New creates a new RESP value from the given reader.

#### func (*RESP) Array

```go
func (r *RESP) Array() (*RESPArray, error)
```
Array returns a channel on which callers can receive successive elements of the
RESP array.

#### func (*RESP) BulkString

```go
func (r *RESP) BulkString() (io.Reader, error)
```
BulkString returns the value of a RESP as a reader.

#### func (*RESP) Error

```go
func (r *RESP) Error() error
```
Error returns the value of a RESP as an error

#### func (*RESP) Int

```go
func (r *RESP) Int() (int64, error)
```
Int returns the value of a RESP as an integer.

#### func (*RESP) SimpleString

```go
func (r *RESP) SimpleString() (string, error)
```
SimpleString returns the value of a RESP as a simple string

#### func (*RESP) String

```go
func (r *RESP) String() string
```

#### func (*RESP) Type

```go
func (r *RESP) Type() RedisType
```
Type determines the redis type of a RESP.

#### type RESPArray

```go
type RESPArray struct {
}
```

RESPArray contains a sequence of RESP items.

#### func (*RESPArray) Cache

```go
func (r *RESPArray) Cache()
```
Cache reads the next RESP item and stores it in memory so subsequent items may
also be read.

#### func (*RESPArray) Len

```go
func (r *RESPArray) Len() int
```
Len returns the total number of items in the RESPArray.

#### func (*RESPArray) Next

```go
func (r *RESPArray) Next() *RESP
```
Next returns the next RESP item in the RESPArray.

#### func (*RESPArray) String

```go
func (r *RESPArray) String() string
```

#### type RedisType

```go
type RedisType int
```

RedisType represents one of the five types RESP values may take or it is unknown
or invalid.

```go
const (
	Unknown RedisType = iota
	Invalid
	SimpleString
	Error
	Integer
	BulkString
	Array
	Null
)
```

Commit message:

Fixing close semantics. Fixing error handling when writing a connection.

readme.md, after:

# redis
--
    import "bitbucket.org/shipwire/redis"

Redis implements basic connections and pooling to redis servers.

## Usage

```go
var CommandInProgress = errors.New("command in progress")
```

#### type Cmd

```go
type Cmd struct {
	io.Writer
}
```

Cmd is a command that is currently being written to a connection.

#### func (Cmd) Close

```go
func (c Cmd) Close() error
```
Close closes the command with a CRLF.

#### func (Cmd) WriteArgument

```go
func (c Cmd) WriteArgument(r io.Reader) (int, error)
```
WriteArgument is a shortcut method to write a reader to a command. If at all
possible, WriteArgumentLength should be used instead.

#### func (Cmd) WriteArgumentLength

```go
func (c Cmd) WriteArgumentLength(r io.Reader, l int64) (written int, err error)
```
WriteArgumentLength copies a reader as an argument to a command. It expects the
reader to be of the given length.

#### func (Cmd) WriteArgumentString

```go
func (c Cmd) WriteArgumentString(arg string) (int, error)
```
WriteArgumentString writes a static string to the connection as a command
argument.

#### type Conn

```go
type Conn struct {
	net.Conn
}
```

Conn represents an open connection to a redis server.

#### func  Dial

```go
func Dial(network, address string) (*Conn, error)
```
Dial connects to the redis server.

#### func  DialTimeout

```go
func DialTimeout(network, address string, timeout time.Duration) (*Conn, error)
```
DialTimeout acts like Dial but takes a timeout. The timeout includes name
resolution, if required.

#### func (*Conn) Close

```go
func (c *Conn) Close() error
```
Close either releases the connection back into the pool from whence it came, or,
it actually destroys the connection.

#### func (*Conn) Command

```go
func (c *Conn) Command(command string, args int) (*Cmd, error)
```
Command initializes a command with the given number of arguments. The connection
only allows one open command at a time and will block callers to prevent jumbled
queues.

#### func (*Conn) Destroy

```go
func (c *Conn) Destroy() error
```
Destory always destroys the connection.

#### func (*Conn) RawCmd

```go
func (c *Conn) RawCmd(command string, args ...string) error
```
RawCmd sends a raw command to the redis server

#### func (*Conn) Resp

```go
func (c *Conn) Resp() *resp.RESP
```
Resp reads a RESP from the connection

#### type Pool

```go
type Pool struct {
	Network, Server string

	// Password indicates that new connections should initially authenticate
	// with the given password. Password is ignored if empty.
	Password string

	// MaxIdle indicates how many idle connections should be kept. Zero indicates
	// all idle connections should be preserved.
	MaxIdle     int
	ConnTimeout time.Duration
}
```

Pool maintains a collection of idle Redis connections.

#### func  NewPool

```go
func NewPool() *Pool
```
NewPool intializes a connection pool with default settings.

#### func (*Pool) Conn

```go
func (p *Pool) Conn() (*Conn, error)
```
Conn attempts to get or create a connection, depending on if there are any idle
connections.
# redis
--
# resp
--
    import "bitbucket.org/shipwire/redis/resp"

Resp implements the REdis Serialization Protocol with the particular aim to
communicate with Redis. See http://redis.io/topics/protocol for more
information.

## Usage

```go
var (
	InvalidResponse error = errors.New("invalid response")
	InvalidType           = errors.New("wrong redis type requested")
)
```

#### type RESP

```go
type RESP struct {
}
```

RESP reads successive values in REdis Serialization Protocol. Values may be read
by the method for their correct type. While type can be checked as many times as
the caller wishes, each value may only be read once.

#### func  New

```go
func New(r io.Reader) *RESP
```
New creates a new RESP value from the given reader.

#### func (*RESP) Array

```go
func (r *RESP) Array() (*RESPArray, error)
```
Array returns a channel on which callers can receive successive elements of the
RESP array.

#### func (*RESP) BulkString

```go
func (r *RESP) BulkString() (io.Reader, error)
```
BulkString returns the value of a RESP as a reader.

#### func (*RESP) Error

```go
func (r *RESP) Error() error
```
Error returns the value of a RESP as an error

#### func (*RESP) Int

```go
func (r *RESP) Int() (int64, error)
```
Int returns the value of a RESP as an integer.

#### func (*RESP) SimpleString

```go
func (r *RESP) SimpleString() (string, error)
```
SimpleString returns the value of a RESP as a simple string

#### func (*RESP) String

```go
func (r *RESP) String() string
```

#### func (*RESP) Type

```go
func (r *RESP) Type() RedisType
```
Type determines the redis type of a RESP.

#### type RESPArray

```go
type RESPArray struct {
}
```

RESPArray contains a sequence of RESP items.

#### func (*RESPArray) Cache

```go
func (r *RESPArray) Cache()
```
Cache reads the next RESP item and stores it in memory so subsequent items may
also be read.

#### func (*RESPArray) Len

```go
func (r *RESPArray) Len() int
```
Len returns the total number of items in the RESPArray.

#### func (*RESPArray) Next

```go
func (r *RESPArray) Next() *RESP
```
Next returns the next RESP item in the RESPArray.

#### func (*RESPArray) String

```go
func (r *RESPArray) String() string
```

#### type RedisType

```go
type RedisType int
```

RedisType represents one of the five types RESP values may take or it is unknown
or invalid.

```go
const (
	Unknown RedisType = iota
	Invalid
	SimpleString
	Error
	Integer
	BulkString
	Array
	Null
)
```
